README.md, before:

# Thomas Preston's dotfiles
Here are my dotfiles so I can remain consistent across distributions.

    git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/tompreston/dotfiles \
        .dotfiles
    make install

It uses [GNU stow](https://www.gnu.org/software/stow/manual/stow.html) to
symlink the files in place - whose default target directory is ..

# TODO
- Check out https://www.chezmoi.io/
- Consider vim http://majutsushi.github.io/tagbar/

# Live linting
- I tried installing syntastic but it hangs for large files when using neovim.
- I also tried neomake but it doesn't work with vim's native package handler.
  https://github.com/neomake/neomake/issues/2482
- I've decided not to bother for now. It's very easy to get linting in the
  terminal, so just do that instead.
- coc.nvim seems like the right approach for nvim. However it requires a funny
  install. For now, I've changes my tmux prefix to C-f in preperation for it.
- Ultimately, if I'm going to be doing messy node installs, I may as well switch
  to vscode.

Commit message:

README: Go back to tmux C-Space

README.md, after:

# Thomas Preston's dotfiles
Here are my dotfiles so I can remain consistent across distributions.

    git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/tompreston/dotfiles \
        .dotfiles
    make install

It uses [GNU stow](https://www.gnu.org/software/stow/manual/stow.html) to
symlink the files in place - whose default target directory is ..

# TODO
- Check out https://www.chezmoi.io/
- Consider vim http://majutsushi.github.io/tagbar/

# Live linting
- I tried installing syntastic but it hangs for large files when using neovim.
- I also tried neomake but it doesn't work with vim's native package handler.
  https://github.com/neomake/neomake/issues/2482
- I've decided not to bother for now. It's very easy to get linting in the
  terminal, so just do that instead.
- coc.nvim seems like the right approach for nvim. However it requires a funny
  node-based install and required C-Space for intelligent completion.
- Ultimately, if I'm going to be doing messy node installs, I may as well switch
  to vscode.
